Adding Design Checklist (#237)
hashicorp/design-system: packages/components/NEW-COMPONENT-CHECKLIST.md

## Pre-Flight Checklist
Update this list and these links as appropriate.

- [Component Audit](https://www.figma.com/file/h3LtloARmbYVwh7z6XWHVb/Component-Audits-FY23?node-id=0%3A1): This audit should be completed by ambassadors before any work gets started.
- [Component Requirement Document (CRD)](url_here): This file should exist before any design explorations or code is written.
- [Design System Website](https://design-system-website.vercel.app/?path=/story/example-introduction--page) (storybook of storybooks): use for reference, to consider existing features that we might need to replicate in the component.

## Design Checklist 
The design checklist has 5 parts: creating the branch, design explorations and iterations, documentation, figma release, and testing. The design process is largely cyclical, so some of these steps may need to be repeated until approval.

### Component Creation
- [ ] [create a branch](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360063144053-Create-branches-and-merge-changes#Create_a_branch) in the [product components ui kit](https://www.figma.com/file/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Product---Components)

> - [ ] add a new page for the component, as needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] add a new page for the component, as needed and mark the header as In progress
```

- [ ] **design**
  - [ ] work through design explorations, providing 2-3 visual directions based on existing [foundations](https://www.figma.com/file/oQsMzMMnynfPWpMEt91OpH/HDS-Product---Foundations?node-id=2916%3A4) and patterns, as well as the findings from the audit and requirements from the CRD
  - [ ] review with appropriate stakeholders (typically HDS designers, engineering partner, ambassadors) and iterate, as necessary
  - [ ] review for a11y considerations and iterate, as necessary
  - [ ] review with design leadership and iterate, as necessary
  - [ ] once approved, build out the design as a component

>     - ensure the variant and property names align with what was discussed/decided on with your engineering partner

Reviewer: Even though we have a **testing** step below, I’d add something like "_Review/test component with HDS designers_" after this step.

- [ ] **documentation**
  - [ ] stickersheet
    - make sure the component instances can be easily selected and other layers are locked
  - [ ] design guidelines
    - when complete, lock this frame
  - [ ] figma tips, as necessary
    - when complete, lock this frame

>   - [ ] migration details, as necessary

Reviewer: @heatherlarsen could you clarify what you mean by migration details?

Author: @cveigt Sure. I haven't had a chance to chat with you about this yet so not sure if this is something we want to start introducing, but essentially I've received some feedback about how it would be helpful to add examples of how to migrate an existing component over to the new HDS component. 

Have an initial thoughts about adding this kind of info to Figma or do you want to sync about it more?

Reviewer: Got it. My initial thoughts are that this migration process will likely be the same for any component, so I'm not sure it is worth adding a section specific to each component. I can elaborate when we sync IRL, but I'm okay adding this to the list anyways. We can clarify and expand on it later on.

Author: Will shoot ya a Slack message and we can chat more about it 🙂

    - when complete, lock this frame

> - [ ] **release**

Reviewer: I'm not sure this would fit in here or in the **design** section, but we are missing something like “_Ask the team lead for final review or approval on the component_”, even if it’s just a thumbs up from @didoo in this case.

>   - lock and hide the components leaving only the stickersheets and docs visible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - lock and hide the components leaving only the stickersheets and docs visible, and change the header's badge to Experimental
```

  - add release notes to the changelog
  - [ ] merge the branch
  - [ ] publish the ui kit
  - do not communicate this release to consumers
- [ ] **testing**

>   - [ ] test the component with ambassadors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] add a new page to the [playground](https://www.figma.com/file/95YqaJF4TNV72ucXbyC7A0/Playground?node-id=302%3A10) file and prepare a frame for each ambassador to test
  - [ ] test the component with ambassadors
```

## Pre-Flight Checklist
Update this list and these links as appropriate.

- [Component Audit](https://www.figma.com/file/h3LtloARmbYVwh7z6XWHVb/Component-Audits-FY23?node-id=0%3A1): This audit should be completed by ambassadors before any work gets started.
- [Component Requirement Document (CRD)](url_here): This file should exist before any design explorations or code is written.
- [Design System Website](https://design-system-website.vercel.app/?path=/story/example-introduction--page) (storybook of storybooks): use for reference, to consider existing features that we might need to replicate in the component.

## Design Checklist 
The design checklist has 5 parts: creating the branch, design explorations and iterations, documentation, figma release, and testing. The design process is largely cyclical, so some of these steps may need to be repeated until approval.

### Component Creation

> - [ ] [create a branch](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360063144053-Create-branches-and-merge-changes#Create_a_branch) in the [product components ui kit](https://www.figma.com/file/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Product---Components)
> - [ ] add a new page for the component, as needed and mark the header as In progress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] **branch**
  - [ ] [create a branch](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360063144053-Create-branches-and-merge-changes#Create_a_branch) in the [product components ui kit](https://www.figma.com/file/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Product---Components)
  - [ ] add a new page for the component, as needed and mark the header as In progress
```

> - [ ] add a new page for the component, as needed and mark the header as In progress

Author: Alerts and dropdown were added when we planned them, but a full list of component pages does not yet exist, so this is work that will need to be done for each component.

- [ ] **design**
  - [ ] work through design explorations, providing 2-3 visual directions based on existing [foundations](https://www.figma.com/file/oQsMzMMnynfPWpMEt91OpH/HDS-Product---Foundations?node-id=2916%3A4) and patterns, as well as the findings from the audit and requirements from the CRD
  - [ ] review with appropriate stakeholders (typically HDS designers, engineering partner, ambassadors) and iterate, as necessary
  - [ ] review for a11y considerations and iterate, as necessary
  - [ ] review with design leadership and iterate, as necessary
  - [ ] once approved, build out the design as a component
    - ensure the variant and property names align with what was discussed/decided on with your engineering partner
  - [ ] test the component with HDS designers
- [ ] **documentation**
  - [ ] stickersheet
    - make sure the component instances can be easily selected and other layers are locked
  - [ ] design guidelines

>     - when complete, lock this frame

Reviewer 2: should we specify somewhere that these need to be frames, not just groups, so they can be linked to and shared?

Author: Added a note to the top of this section

  - [ ] figma tips, as necessary
    - when complete, lock this frame
  - [ ] migration details, as necessary
    - when complete, lock this frame
- [ ] **release**

>   - lock and hide the components leaving only the stickersheets and docs visible, and change the header's badge to Experimental

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [ ] lock and hide the components leaving only the stickersheets and docs visible, and change the header's badge to Experimental
```

>   - add release notes to the changelog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [ ] add release notes to the changelog
```

  - [ ] review with situationally appropriate reviewers to get final approval
  - [ ] merge the branch
  - [ ] publish the ui kit

>   - do not communicate this release to consumers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Important: do not communicate this release to consumers yet! (will be done later in the process)
```

- [ ] **testing**
  - [ ] add a new page to the [playground](https://www.figma.com/file/95YqaJF4TNV72ucXbyC7A0/Playground?node-id=302%3A10) file and prepare a frame for each ambassador to test
  - [ ] test the component with ambassadors
  - if iterations are needed, work through the process until approved

When ready to add docs to the scrappy site:

> - [ ] export a screenshot of the design guidelines
> - [ ] create a new issue in [github](https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/issues) with the screenshot
> - [ ] let your engineering partner know it's ready to be added (or add it yourself)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] let your engineering partner know it's ready to be added (they will add it themselves)

```

## Engineering Checklist
The engineering checklist has six parts: creating the feature branch, component template, component backing class, component style, tests, and documentation.

### Dependency

> - [Figma Design](url_here): Since we are trying to align the component API naming with the same terms used in the Figma file, it is likely useful to have a fairly stable Figma design before we create a component; it should definitely be finalized before the component ships, however.

Reviewer 2: @heatherlarsen I don't think we need to add a link here, this list is not a GitHub template

```suggestion
- Since we are trying to align the component API naming with the same terms used in the Figma file, it is likely useful to have a fairly stable Figma design before we create a component; it should definitely be finalized before the component ships, however.
```

  - [ ] update the status badge to "In progress"
  - [ ] change "{DOC TYPE}" to "STICKERSHEET"
  - [ ] change "{Component name}" to the name of the component
  - [ ] delete the sunset notice
- [ ] **design**
  - [ ] work through design explorations, providing 2-3 visual directions based on existing [foundations](https://www.figma.com/file/oQsMzMMnynfPWpMEt91OpH/HDS-Product---Foundations?node-id=2916%3A4) and patterns, as well as the findings from the audit and requirements from the CRD
  - [ ] review with appropriate stakeholders (typically HDS designers, engineering partner, ambassadors) and iterate
  - [ ] review for a11y considerations and iterate, as necessary
  - [ ] review with design leadership and iterate, as necessary
  - [ ] once approved, build out the design as a component
    - ensure the variant and property names align with what was discussed/decided on with your engineering partner
  - [ ] test the component with HDS designers and iterate, as necessary
  - [ ] sync with your engineering partner (pseudo handoff)
    - let them know it's been design approved and discuss any remaining questions (this should be an ongoing process as well)
- [ ] **documentation**

>   - all documentation should be contained within a frame so it can be easily linked to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - all documentation should be contained within frames so it can be easily linked to
```
Minor suggestion to clarify that not everything needs to be within the same frame

- [ ] **release**
  - [ ] lock and hide the components leaving only the stickersheets and docs visible, and change the header's badge to Experimental
  - [ ] add release notes to the changelog
  - [ ] review with situationally appropriate reviewers to get final approval
  - [ ] merge the branch
  - [ ] publish the ui kit
    - Important: do not communicate this release to consumers yet! (this will be done later in the process)
- [ ] **testing**
  - [ ] add a new page to the [playground](https://www.figma.com/file/95YqaJF4TNV72ucXbyC7A0/Playground?node-id=302%3A10) file and prepare a frame for each ambassador to test
    - provide a variety (basic to complex) of screenshots to recreate based on real world examples from the audit
  - [ ] test the component with ambassadors
  - if iterations are needed, work through the process until approved (don't forget to branch!)
- [ ] **final release**
  - this comes after ambassadors have tested the component in Figma and no other adjustments are needed
  - [ ] if changes were required, follow the steps under "release" again

>   - [ ] share about the release in the slack channel [#team_design_systems](https://hashicorp.slack.com/archives/C7KTUHNUS) and let consumers know that the component is available for use in Figma

Reviewer 2: super-nitpick :)

```suggestion
  - [ ] share about the release in the slack channel [#team-design-systems](https://hashicorp.slack.com/archives/C7KTUHNUS) and let consumers know that the component is available for use in Figma
```
